# Project Constraints
## 1. Economic
Our Project could face financial constraints. Being college students, we have limited personal funds to spend on obtaining better computer hardware to make developing a game easier in terms of improving computing power or storage speeds. We should have competent enough machines to develop at home, independently, but we won't know exactly how powerful they will be until we get deep into development. Having limited budgets will also stop us from spending money on paid assets from the Unity store to make development easier or more fulfilling visually. We will have spend more time making our own assets or placeholders, and the game will only look or sound as good as we are able to make it on our own within the project timeline.
## 2. Professional
Our project does have a direct impact on our professional development or public reputations. Being able to develop a unique, complete, and fun Unity game is no simple task, and being able to add such a project to our portfolios could be a significant boost for our employment. Being able to break out into the game development space by making something that other people see, like, and share could also have implications on our future endeavors or opportunities.
## 3. Ethical/Social/Environmental
Because everyone on our team considers themselves to be socially, politically, and environmentally conscious, we wanted to make a game that makes people feel something, teaches them something, or forces them to consider an important topic. We have our own moralities that we strongly believe in and wish to share our beliefs in a positive way, for the betterment of all (as many people as possible) in terms of equality and human compassion. We hope that our game can serve as a public service or PSA in some way, by providing it as accessible entertainment (either by making it free or affordable) that can run on as many devices as possible (lightweight system requirements) and easily shareable. We hope that spreading our message and ideas can help people be more considerate about the world that they live in and have a more positive outlook or impact on society and the planet.
